# Taylor Goolsby

Hi, welcome to the source code behind my personal website where I host my public projects.

They are all hosted on a single EC2 instance and some of them are multiplayer.

## Repo Structure

* `package.json` - Contains the details for the kinds of `npm run` commands you can run.
* `src/web-*` - Contains Next.JS code for the website served at [https://tgoolsby.to](https://tgoolsby.to). It is compiled into a `dist` bundle which is then bundled with the backend code, and served from the EC2 server. Static assets are uploaded to an S3 bucket. There is a web project for each subdomain.
* `src/backend` - Contains the backend code. It is a Node.js Express server. It maps the subdomain in the request to an express router which serves the appropriate project.
* `src/common` - Contains code for loading things that should be loaded for every node project.

This repo hosts the source code for multiple projects separated by subdomain. For any given project, the backend and frontend portions are split into the `backend` and `web` directories, respectively.

## Backend Structure

* There is a main `server.js` which sets up the express server which then sets up a route for each project separated by subdomain. This sets up the web serving for each project.
* Each project has backend specific code in the respective folder under `src/backend/src/project`.

## Frontend Structure

* The frontend `index.html` served at [https://tgoolsby.to](https://tgoolsby.to) displays a list of projects and allows navigation to each project's subdomain.
* The backend checks the subdomain of the request, and routes it to a router which serves a Next.JS project for that subdomain. So each project has its own Next.JS project which matches the glob `src/web-*/`.
* During bundling, all `web-*` projects are built, and the compiled files are placed in `dist/web-*` folders relative to `backend/src/server.js`. The express routers will serve the appropriate project based on the subdomain.
* When making a new project, besides copy-and-pasting a `web-*` folder, make sure to update `next-sitemap.config.js` with the subdomain of the new project, and update the `name` in the `package.json`.

## Running the Code

1. Clone the repository.
2. `cd tgoolsby.to`
3. `yarn` - installs everything
4. `npm start` - starts the backend server
5. `npm run start-web` - starts the web servers for each subdomain

Services will be started on these ports:

* `localhost:4000` - Express server
* `localhost:3306` - MySQL server (MySQL is automatically installed on mac)
* `localhost:5555` - Express server for looking at email templates during development.

If your MySQL server become corrupted, clean it using `npm run clean-sql`.

It is recommended to use something like [LocalCan](https://www.localcan.com/) to enable easy use of subdomains on localhost.

___

## Places

Places is a real-time multiplayer game where players navigate a world generated by AI. It is also an experiment in seeing what a server mediated entirely by AI would be like. Here, the AI controls everything from authentication, world generation, and iteraction moderation.

If you are interested in modding this project, here are some details you may be interested in knowing:

* `src/backend/src/project/places/setup.js` - A good entrypoint for understanding how places works. This is where the websocket server is set up. Here, you can find some detailed comments about what kinds of inputs the client can send to the server.
* The server handles every websocket evernt from the client in the same way: Perform DB operations, simulate the AI via chat completion call, perform more DB operations, send response back to client. The JS system controls the DB, but allows the AI to see some DB values and to also set some DB values.
* For each request, the AI is aware of: The client's websocket request, the recent chat with that user, past interactions with the user, and recent global events.
